TUCTF_2023/README.md, before:

# TUCTF 2023

- Official URL: <https://ctfd.tuctf.com/>
- CTF Time: <https://ctftime.org/event/2173>
- Fri, 01 Dec. 2023, 17:00 UTC — Sun, 03 Dec. 2023, 17:00 UTC

## Writeup

### Web

- [PHP Practice](Web/PHP_Practice/index.md) [187 Solves]
- [My First Blog](Web/My_First_Blog/index.md) [28 Solves]
- [Aspiring Calculator](Web/Aspiring_Calculator/index.md) [21 Solves]

### Forensics

- [State of the Git](Forensics/State_of_the_Git/index.md) [89 Solves]

### Misc

- [A.R.K. 1](Misc/A.R.K._1/index.md) [166 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 2](Misc/A.R.K._2/index.md) [151 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 3](Misc/A.R.K._3/index.md) [121 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 4](Misc/A.R.K._4/index.md) [98 Solves]
- [Silly Registry](Misc/Silly_Registry/index.md) [83 Solves]

### Programming

- [Hacker Typer](Programming/Hacker_Typer/index.md) [292 Solves]
- [Plenty O Fish in the Sea](Programming/Plenty_O_Fish_in_the_Sea/index.md) [249 Solves]
- [Bludgeon the Booty](Programming/Bludgeon_the_Booty/index.md) [173 Solves]

### Pwn

- [Hidden Value](Pwn/Hidden_Value/index.md) [298 Solves]

Commit message:

TUCTF 2023: Forensics/What Are You Doing In My Swamp?

TUCTF_2023/README.md, after:

# TUCTF 2023

- Official URL: <https://ctfd.tuctf.com/>
- CTF Time: <https://ctftime.org/event/2173>
- Fri, 01 Dec. 2023, 17:00 UTC — Sun, 03 Dec. 2023, 17:00 UTC

## Writeup

### Web

- [PHP Practice](Web/PHP_Practice/index.md) [187 Solves]
- [My First Blog](Web/My_First_Blog/index.md) [28 Solves]
- [Aspiring Calculator](Web/Aspiring_Calculator/index.md) [21 Solves]

### Forensics

- [What Are You Doing In My Swamp?](Forensics/What_Are_You_Doing_In_My_Swamp/index.md) [209 Solves]
- [State of the Git](Forensics/State_of_the_Git/index.md) [89 Solves]

### Misc

- [A.R.K. 1](Misc/A.R.K._1/index.md) [166 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 2](Misc/A.R.K._2/index.md) [151 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 3](Misc/A.R.K._3/index.md) [121 Solves]
- [A.R.K. 4](Misc/A.R.K._4/index.md) [98 Solves]
- [Silly Registry](Misc/Silly_Registry/index.md) [83 Solves]

### Programming

- [Hacker Typer](Programming/Hacker_Typer/index.md) [292 Solves]
- [Plenty O Fish in the Sea](Programming/Plenty_O_Fish_in_the_Sea/index.md) [249 Solves]
- [Bludgeon the Booty](Programming/Bludgeon_the_Booty/index.md) [173 Solves]

### Pwn

- [Hidden Value](Pwn/Hidden_Value/index.md) [298 Solves]
